[Music]
I'm very story and the Great Britain and
cyclists from 14 Paralympic gold medal
across the last seven paralympic games
because Sarah story now becomes the
first successful british female
Carolingian of all time as an attorney
can be i'm a Paralympic cyclist won
seven gold medals and Paralympics and
ethics game paulie's got it yes he has
could you Clara live big record the Jody
Cundy the event here in the National
Cycling sensibilities L trust whose
justin fantastic the number of people
who has only been cycling for a few
weeks some people were complete novices
everyone had a great shot at the flying
lap and with some great times that came
out to the group for the most important
thing is everyone came up to track it a
really big smile on the face and terry
lee childress really stands out as like
one of those ones that people are
interested in trying to raise money for
I mean what do i do is just spend last
half of David a kid there in there and
that the people and the look after them
and help them and just get them through
life is tough so worth every penny of
this kind of Spencer's yeah happy to
kind of your father yeah i think the
seashells come up with this idea it
seemed really wonderful it's got people
here to try something different but
obviously to learn about the charity as
well I've been at awesome the spa I mean
I didn't know where you know what's
about to clean up Phoebe and I know she
felt is an awesome cafe and it's
fantastic it's not a great cold and it's
so great to be part of it imagine you
could never be exactly
Emily felt that I love you you take the
relative many of our faculty
presentation without we shall we have so
many of those families will probably
finish community to leave me I did not
welcome here to verify our imaginary
another diving account computing some
form are very very alien County
everyone's been saying you know what
explain about what you various myths
cockiness is inspiring more than what
goal so think you know I was only after
all the condom with my going this is the
materia prima caliber so there's thank
you very much for listening and you're
leaving well
[Music]
[Applause]
you